 JavaScript but in the last projects I used TypeScript and the last years I worked in some projects with Golang too but in the start of my career I always work like a full stack developer and I have some experience too with React and and Hi guys, nice to meet you. I'm Hilder Hernandez. I'm from Venezuela, living in Chile the last seven years. Santiago, the Capitol. Mostly working in my side from back end. um working global the last five years my last project and client was south of this and there i take some i took some projects that make you know some architectural decision working mostly back in um working with microservice and regarding lgs and doctor and those stuff Yeah, let's go with Isaac. Hi guys, well, I am from Minnesota too and I'm living in Peru for over six years. Now I'm pretty much new to Cologne, I've been here for three months. but I've been working as a front-end developer for five years, mostly with React and the DJI Edge. I also have some experience with backing technologies, with Node, Express, Core GIS, a bit of Ruby on Rails and PHP. And that's pretty much my background. Thank you. I don't know, maybe Elkin? Hey, sure. Hi guys. My name is Pedro Alvarado. I'm from Medellin, Colombia. I was working with Warner Brothers about the last eight years. At the beginning in the meta side, but then with the media supply chain, been working on a couple of projects in the last four years. last one is the AdVault, this is for commercials. The technologies we use are AWS with Python, we use sub-functions, use the pattern that is the SNS-Q for integration with other services and teams and we working also with in other projects with Node.js and Elastic and the repository we use in AdBord is the Bidispine, the MAM, that's pretty much from my side. Who's the next? Sorry, I don't know. Thank you, Ernest. Yes, I'm David Arbelais. I live in Colombia. I have more than 10 years of work experience in IT companies. I started as a full-star developer with Mongo, Angular, and all. But also lately I've been working mainly with Ospreys. I have worked with Framework Socials. We also share the next year for the subversive rendering, next year for the Tidescreen in the backend, and Python and some of Golang. And yes, we are able to use services and also some real native material. And we find the last. Hello everyone, my name is Angel, I'm from Colombia. I have more than five years of experience, like a backend developer in different languages. Principal in Python and NodeGIS, in DraftGL, also I know a relational database and a little bit longer relational database. Also I work with React, but my focus is on the backend side. So I have one year with Lauren and I think that's all about experience. It's a pleasure. Can I tell you something with Dita? Hi everyone. So my name, I'm not sure if you can see my camera. Okay. That's okay. My name is Dita. I have about four years experience as a Furnan developer. mostly we have TypeScript, Maturity Y, some QL, and some background interest and experience, but mostly Atlantic specializations. I'm in Mexico City, I don't know. Nice to meet everyone. Thank you. Yes, I think for the interest of time, I think we'll start with CNN search. There was a few team members that we had an initial meeting this morning, so we'll cover that first and then we can let those folks go as they want and then we'll cover the rest of the portfolio. So I'll kick it over to Amin. So welcome everyone. Yeah, so yeah, as Mark was saying, a portion of the people you're seeing on this meeting are actually pretty different upstream. But obviously, you're all supporting . So yeah, I'm going to start off with, as Mark mentioned, seeing in the search, was one of the applications in our portfolio app. But even before that, so I think what we're hoping to do is I'm going to give a very high-level overview of all the apps that's currently within our overview that are our group supports. And I think after that we could probably get into, obviously we'll coordinate getting any documentation over, but obviously the number one thing is onboarding, so making sure that everyone I mentioned gets access to the Slack channel that we're a part of, but then also specifically for the affiliate services, so whoever's taking over the new search portfolio, we're gonna assist with that. Instead of Jira, we use Rally. We were already talking about yesterday in terms of if we have an apply system, which we should, it sounds like, But any of that, basically, we'll hit another time. I just wanna, again, we're getting introduced and I just wanna tell you what we've supported, what we've built within the four players. And then as a part of this, with the folks that are taking over as a new source stop or assisting with that, we hopefully have time to consider, and Jacob and Mike, I'm gonna have to, or whatever, at that point, if we can consider any of the current land updates and stuff like that we're working on that someone could eventually look into or they started researching, I think, what was noted. But we'll get to that if we have time and if we have enough information for that. So, all right, I'll go ahead and kick it off. So I'll share my screen, give me one second here. So one of the applications, so as I mentioned, we keep saying affiliate services and I keep saying resource. Our group, we call our, our group is called Dark Ventures, but for the most part, we've supported news applications or being surrounded by the user at CNN. We're not CNN digital, so we're not CNN.com, but there's a lot of internal apps and also a pretty major app that we assist a group of CNN news sources with that has stations all over the world that we have partnerships with to share news content and also get their content. So I'm gonna say a lot of terms in the names. You don't have to memorize it. We're gonna, it's gonna make more sense once you start seeing this stuff and I'll be talking about it more over time. So yeah, let me just show my camera all the time. I'll get a camera like this. And let's go. Can't see. Come on. I'll have a chance. All right. Okay, so starting with CNN search, and this is going to be obviously still applicable to the group that's taken over affiliate services, but this is also something we're gonna be connecting to as a part of the search discover work that the other team is a part of. But CNN Search, this is a homegrown application, custom application that our group developed some time back. I don't know how old it is. Mike, I don't know if you remember how old it is. But it's at least 10 years old. It's been here since I've been here, for sure. It was rebuilt. It was updated over time. But long story short, CNN Search is used, As you can see, the reason the search isn't the name of it, the idea is this is that archive slash repository. A lot of things that have happened within CNN, so whether it's CNN.com publishing articles, whether it's Espanol publishing articles, whether it's the different showmaking teams that might be publishing Rundet for what's going to show up, what they're going to air, what clips air, what information they're going to put on air with certain shows. The idea is this is meant to be like the collect all for all these different systems where basically anything that CNN or the different groups or brands that were surrounded by CNN, like HLN was a group that used to exist, anything that they would publish out. And I'm not saying this is 100% everything, but this is really trying to get as much of all this into one place. And the biggest thing is, this is, sorry, what's up? This is meant to be a long-term archival repository for this stuff. So I'll actually just search so you can see what it is. It's meant to be very simple. majority of these views that you're seeing over here, they're able to select what view they're going to search against. A lot of these, I believe we ingest them from different sources or we can look into the database, but most of this is stored in just text formatting of what these documents were, or what the metadata around, whatever the document was. We just try to make it where it's very easily searchable and then someone can eventually go in here and look up to see how we've covered stories back in the day. To do research about, you know, here's all the data that we have for how certain topics, everything that we know about certain topics that we've covered, and then how they can form a story for later. But like I said, this is meant to be more research-focused, and it's used by, like I said, groups that might be trying to just get information for a future topic that's very similar to C-1-2-4. It's also meant to store information for how we cover certain topics. So they're like guides that let the editors know, the story makers know that here are the protocols that we follow that meet the standards of CNN. And then again, here's just a repository of information related to these topics or story or events that we can see. As I mentioned, this is an aggregator, in a sense, of all these other data content published from all these other systems. So I'll just do a basic search of the student collections, for example. Sorry. As you can see, we allow some very basic filtering options against what are the different queues, what are the different buckets, like the source repositories that they can actually search against that we've stored. But even further, when we actually index information, like author information around, if it was an article that's published or a wire, You can try to break all that in as well. But like I said, very basic, as you can see. We just, again, just the text result back. And I don't wanna get into the technical stuff, but all this stuff, everything we do in Jest that is content back is Cloud Search, is what we're currently using. But there is, and might correct me if I'm wrong, there is a need or a want to get off of Cloud Search, I believe, just because it's difficult I don't want to say typical command. I don't know how the intricacies and technical complexities around that, but there could be better options for how to add a story that might make it more easily searchable or editable and curable for any other updates you do to make. Yeah, I don't want to spend too much time on the standard search beyond that, but just as you can see, it's very basic. Nothing too crazy here. I just searched against all the different buckets and yeah, we just see the results. Yeah, basic filtering options. Like I said, there's nothing, you could use a gun here and figure out exactly what it does. Now what all these content buckets mean, that's a whole different story. I don't know if we need to get into it. We don't need to get into any of that now. Simply I don't know all of that now. This thing has a basic function, but it's very important. That's the best thing we're finding is it might be very simple, but it is very important because you've got content that you've had to re-ingest or they've hired the research with the CNN Library team, they've gone back and found vendors that could help create adjustable assets for us that go back to the 1980s, for example. So really far back. And I'll leave it at that, not that you're crazy there. And the results are only text-based? No, no videos, no... No, correct. Great question. Yeah. So text-based results, some of them are just links, I believe. So let me find one here. But yeah, no videos. So we're not, it'd be a very simple way out of that. So it could have to be a hyperlink to a SharePoint site, for example, or to a direct document in another application. But no, we're not displaying a video player or anything like that, if it's a media. Like an asset, or images, you know, images. So yeah, it's other just like URLs or links for, that just doesn't, yeah. Yeah, I'll just add as a footnote, it's not really meant to search the actual content that was published. It's more of a research tool, and I'm on its point that it's meant to be able to allow researchers to research how we cover a specific story. So instead of like a classic example is like the last Royal Wedding, how did we cover that? how many photojournalists did we send or what was the transcripts of those specific shows or stuff like that. It's all just a means to search a bunch of different data sources but then we aren't the source of truth for those data sources we're just kind of allowing the ability to search against multiple disparate data sources and then link off to them because there's many different systems that are represented in here. That's a good point too that Mike also mentioned. It's not necessarily just like, here's a published piece of content. It's also theoretically, you know, like assets. When I say assets, it's not just an article or a video or a link to something else. It's also text information, things that work for it for, because as we try to track how coverage is being handled, so like if they're hiring photojournalists, if they're booking resources to do that, that stuff could be adjusted in the air as well from those different systems. Yep, very good point. Cool. Alright, I guess with that, Mark, what do you think of any left off the search discovery? I mean, they're more welcome to stay on. If you want to just listen in, that's fine. I just wanted to cover that first so that I think we're familiar with it. Yeah, I prefer to take that state. Yeah, cool. Awesome. Alright, so I'm going to step into, at this point I'm going to step into really like one of the main applications, or one of the main applications that we've done, it was HomeGround, this team built it. And this is really kind of the bread and butter for this team. is, behind this application is the entire business that we, honestly, the main business that we support within our groups currently. You know, so that's changing. But, so as I mentioned, you heard the term news source. News source is a group within CNN that was set up to actually help manage affiliate relationships. So when I say you hear the term affiliates, I'm talking about like news stations or like, you know, other media companies that might either be giving us content or adjusting content from us that have been put on their networks. So basically, it's a very, it's a profitable business. So what happens is, you know, again, I think it's been out by 30-something years at this point. It's like 35 years old or something like that. Yeah, almost 40. Almost 40 years old. And what that group is, it's, you know, they, so for CNN.com, for example, right? You know, CNN.com or even just CNN on air. CNN is meant to be like a national and even worldwide news group. But what's happening is you're not having, CNN doesn't have reporters at each one of these states and all over the world necessarily. It's really just the media company that helps aggregate that information with in addition to having some of our own reporters But the idea being at CNN Newsource it a whole business and there a lot of operations that goes behind this that actually works to help get content So if something happens in a specific country or in a specific state, the likelihood of us being able to get someone out there and cameras and an entire crew to start filming out there quickly enough is very low and expensive, as you all know. Now, technology has changed that to a point. But what happens is if we have relationships with a specific TV station or a newspaper company down over there, they can either get us information, get us video coverage, give us a heads up that something is about to happen, right? Give us an alert. Something's going on. We can help cover it. The point is they help us, and then we also help them because when a station joins a news source, what's happening is they can actually, they get access to content that's way beyond outside of their market as well, right? So there's a lot of stuff around making sure that you don't give them their competitors information or anything like that. A lot of controls in place, but the idea being, it's about getting articles, videos, and then use story, right? Coverage, topic areas, news, spreadable amongst all these different people, all these different stations, these networks and So what happened was you have, as you all are seeing probably today as well, you have the concept of digital versus broadcast earlier. Broadcast is still very big, right? Broadcast is still a very big portion of what's being handled with our business. But prior to this actual website here being built, the business has existed for a while. would have to do a bunch of oversight that had very separate functions, or would have separate applications that do the separate functions, a separate application for digital stuff, a separate application for the broadcast stuff and the articles. But it has to be like eight years now for the portal to go, seven years, something like that. Basically, almost a decade ago, the business came to this group, and they really wanted to solve that, why everything's so separate. So they really wanted to say, hey, we want a singular portal for the station to constantly be able to go to. So that's a good point. This site is not just an internal website. This is externally accessible if you have credentials for it. And to get credentials, obviously, you have to go through the contracts and all that stuff to get all of it. Yeah, they came to this group, and they said, we want a cohesive experience to where it doesn't matter if you really care about articles and images. It doesn't matter if you care about getting a visual video that you want to put into your own video player for your own. website or if you can give us a player to put on the website or it doesn't matter if you want broadcast quality videos that they could download and then eventually put on air on tv um they want all that from one place and that's why this group did an awesome job um i wasn't i wasn't involved early on i came in a little bit later but uh global actually was involved originally with some of the mock-ups for some of this stuff um and it seemed you know the team had been taken in a different direction uh based on feedback and what was feasible but um Yeah, so this is meant to be that, we say portal, we also mean marketplace. This is meant to be where someone can log in with their credentials, they see everything that they have access to, right? So we want things that they should not have access to if they're not paying for that service or if they don't have access to them for rights reasons, meaning for embargo reasons, meaning it's a competitor, it's a market that they're not going to get stuff from. So from here, the main portal, obviously they get, you know, I'll just focus on the very basics. They could obviously grab individual pieces of content to either download and put on their website or do whatever they need to with it or you can take the actual videos, put them on air. But they could also monitor from the website, they could monitor what's being aired out on these different satellite channels and IP channels. These are channels that are signed by a new source that have what they have cameras to add on. Now, this is just a display. They actually link it to the satellite page. that's done separately, that's a whole different operation, but we just, we let them monitor it from here. Like I said, they're constantly monitoring for the content that's coming in. It's not just about, you know, already published assets, it's also about what is being covered and what do you eventually want to get your eyes on. So we definitely let them know what the actual live services group is a part of the resource, meaning, hey, we are coordinating reporters, photographers, et cetera, camera people all over the world or all over these different events that we're aware of. They can monitor what's coming in, what's going to be covered. If they ask something for, I don't know, they'll publish it here. So you'll know what's going to be, what we're going to do a live event on, for example. Question. So basically, by using this planner, you are going to kind of see the upcoming shows or interviews or whatever that is going to come on different athletes. Yeah, and just so what we want to differentiate is, you want to keep, but you're right. You're pretty much... You are seeing what you have to do because of your access control, but if I were just one particular affiliate, one station, I would only see mine. You would see, yeah, well, there I go, what you have access to. So, don't think shows necessarily when you think about this planner page, because that won't be different from the story of stuff or the planning shows. This is more so, yeah, like, hey, we have a camera on the ground at the White House. We're going to have a camera in the White House or we're going to have a camera and a reporter on the ground at this press conference, for example. And we can actually book some services from that. Exactly. And me as an affiliate, I can say, hey, let's go live to the White House and I book some time from the... Exactly. Exactly. So, now, the actual, like, the true technical bookings of those things and, like, feeding into that SILIP, that's not done in this system. Now, it's advertised in our system, as you're sitting over here. but they could actually make requests, hey, I wanna book a certain time slot. They can make the request in the system, so we manage all that, but then it's not automated. They do order forms and then someone has to manually curate it and prove it, or make sure it's okay. So this is really meant to be, this is meant to be the front end space for everything that News Source offers, for most of the things that News Source offers, to the actual end user, to the authority of the station. But again, it's not just this one. There's so much that happens behind the scenes of this. A lot of different internal use sort of operations groups. And we'll talk about some of the other applications that we use as part of this. But this is really meant to be like, here's what's exposing the password. So just a quick note, this site is currently not, it wasn't built to be in a, you know, today's standards responsive manner. So we have people who are out in the field, right? There are people that are using that as a cell phone out, while they're out, if they might be on the ground somewhere, or whether they're even walking around the news for it. Now, we haven't had a plan to be able to scope it out or to getting approval for certain designs about what is an updated, not only functional behavior for being responsive website, for what gets exposed and what, Jacob technically did a great job coming up with the comps for what gets displayed depending on what view. But also, he also looked at certain inefficiencies with some of the clicks and then re-imagined what workflows also makes sense in that sense. So that's actually a big body of work that is very much wanted by the customers. Because as a part of that work, there's also intended to be a lot of design, not a lot of design updates, but it's gonna look significantly more modernized as well. I just wanna make sure the team here is that, because that is a big ask from the customer, something that they're actually really be looking forward to. Like again, I know I glossed over this really quickly, just because there's too much stuff in a small amount of time. But yeah, I mean, any questions right off the bat about this? I think any of the technical stuff we could have later because I just want to go through all the apps, but feel free. I mean, record it down. If you want to talk about it now, I'm cool with that too. Hi. Pedro? Pedro, you have a question? Okay, so really quickly, I'm not going to, I don't need to go through it, but this is the affiliate site. And again, an internal user can access this as well, and you can see everything. There's a couple of users. There's the domestic media that you're seeing, but there's also CNN, sorry, News Source International, or International News Source. That's another group. They operate, the businesses operate really separate right now. there's a chance they're going to start working, not working, there's a chance they're going to start operating as a singular group, but we actually have slightly different views based off of understanding the domain that an accountant is set up as results. There's also another site called the, we call it the admin tool. I'll pull it up real quick, just so you can see. But this, this app also actually feeds, so if they're going to do an advertisement for the planner page, saying we're gonna have a certain event happening at that time that is created within this admin tool system so this is for internal users only all right better off it can you can you move yourself please sure sorry everything you saw on the portal there's a lot of even though we are just even Even though we're just really displaying content that was created even before it got to our system, so whether it's broadcast distribution group that actually edits videos, fills up the metadata, then decides which stations in here can see it, or whether it's digital videos, which are embeddable, whether they have their metadata edited or a thumbnail chain and stuff like that. There's a lot of things that happen before it even gets to this, but some things happen within this admin tool system, where if you see like a Bumble, for example, if you see an article with an image, typically if you go on any news website, there's gonna be an image and an article, and maybe even a video, right? It's rarely just a standalone image or rarely just a standalone article. What happens is with the news source group, there is, so you're gonna hear the term syndication a lot, I think this is important, you hear the term syndication a lot, meaning it's sending that content out to other groups that are allowed to receive it. So one thing to keep in mind is, if you go on CNN.com, even though we get a lot of stuff from them, because CNN News Source has all these different, and this is what the News Source business does that wasn't done for a long time before. There's a lot of nuances with the contract regulations and what they're allowed to see and not to see. There's a lot of crazy details that I can never understand. I don't think I'm cutthroat enough to do those deal points. But what happens is that was very important. It's not just about exposing all the content, it's about putting very strict, very strict, I guess, rails on them. Making sure that it's not just about, okay, your competitors can't see it, it's also about, hey, there might be an image that has a right to edit. Can only be used with this article. You can't use this image with any other article. They can get that strict. And it's like that for a reason. So what happens is, even from some of the systems that are upstream of us that are feeding content down to us, the news source business has to be very careful not to grant any of those rules. So, and I'll step into the system that has the contracts in them, but one thing I do wanna know is, there's a lot of manual curation. Basically, if something came in from CNN.com with an article, an image, or a video, an article, we let them know that, hey, we let the internal news for ops person know that, hey, just to know why this article came in, and this article actually happens to have images that CNN.com already associated. However, because they need to make sure it's something that they are allowed to send out, but depending on who the source is, they may not be allowed to be given out to affiliates. There's a lot of holding containers, if I will. There's a lot of safeguards in place that make sure that someone from New Source has to still manually go back and associate you, saying that hey, it's clear, it passes everything you need to understand that they're allowed to do. There's one point that I looked like, to show you that, like I said, There's a lot of, it's not simply bringing it in, displaying it, there's a lot of hands that need to touch the stuff before. The size of it. The size of it, I mean, the amount of data that you are being injected, you're about to probably have a whole team curating. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah, huge. Cool. Yeah, I mean, there's a lot of stuff that I didn't get into the details of this until we have a much more in-depth detail, page by page, so it's all possible for that for now. I think I'll get to segue. One thing I discussed was, I'll say this one real quick. So, what if the, so the downloadable, as you mentioned, we let them take time for video whether this could be a broadcast format, right? Like actual broadcast quality, or whether it's gonna be something that they wanna embed on their website. So something, a product that came about, again, very early on from around the time I got servited, a little bit after. Not every, so as you know, Muse is not just on television, although that's still a big portion of it. There are a lot of websites for news that are coming up, which is why you have Sina.com, and also Sina and the different brands that are on air. But not everybody, you know, not every group was, at the time, was technically savvy enough to be able to just take a video and put it into their own player and handle all the ads for it and handle all the tracking for it. And that's why they came to our group asking for this type of product. Now, we utilized a vendor originally to kind of figure out how that's gonna work. But we do have a, it's called a, you'll hear the term band or video affiliate network. That was a product that was spun up, but it's also integrated as part of the news source. It was spun up to allow users to actually create, generate an embed, a video player embed. And this embed actually, it gets posted on their website. We have different forms of this, which sometimes it's just a single video, sometimes it's a playlist or entire dynamic category that continues to update the video post. The idea being, we let them select the size, whether it's an auto start or not. What happens is, we actually handle the ads. Our group does, it's incorporated into the player, but we handle, the company handles the ads management. So it goes through the ad ops groups. They figure out inventory. Right now, it's a weird setup, because we're also used to the vendor ad ops group. But we also do the tracking against us to understand how many clicks it's getting. Whenever someone grabs an embed, We understand what the video is, we understand who the person doing the publishing is, we also understand who the source of the content is because all that is relevant because there's actually money tied to that. So any revenue that the ads are generating, you source wanted to incentivize people to post all these videos on their websites to get traction. And to do that, they said, okay, well, if you're the source of the video, meaning you are listed, you're credited for having created the video in the first place, then that really it may be like 30% or something for me. That incentivizes people to give us more content. They want us to give us good videos that people want to put on their websites. So there's a money with that. And if you're also the one doing the publishing, you also get a cut of the money for the video sites, for the ad starts. Do you validate that the affiliate A that is embedding that piece of code on their website is not being used by affiliate C by going into the source code? So theoretically you can also inspect page. Exactly. And that's not my troubleshoot sometimes. I don't think, the only way we know if it's the right person is if it's by the actual publisher value over here. So theoretically, yeah, I could take, I could go to, like let's just say WSD is going to play it. I could go to their page, find one of our players, inspect the page and then actually get that event code. I could post it on a whole different site. And theoretically WSD would still get the credit for it. We do it by domain, we do it by who the person is. But who is actually, okay, cool. But you're not preventing another affiliate to use. Correctly or not. So, yeah, we do have blocks in place where, depending on who the publisher is listed as, we do have checks in that where we make sure, okay, let's just say publisher, typically we're going to have access to a certain video, but somehow they get that video from another website, and they can put that into their embed, the embed for the publisher who shouldn't have access, and it doesn't play there. There's protection in place like that, but yeah, we can't protect someone from going on the page. Not the facing parameters. But theoretically, they would never get the credit for it. They didn't change that. I don't understand the interest you that well, but there are a lot of... So eventually we took it away from a vendor and we brought the digital video player in-house. So we redeveloped it. But what happens is, at the end of the day, it's still real piggybacking off of the actual player that is called Turner Open Player 2.0, so top two, you might be hearing. They're trying to, the company as a whole is trying to standardize the players that will be different apps are running on their websites within the company. That's not necessarily fully being done. So we really copied a lot of their stuff. We're piggybacking off of their licenses as well. So there's some intricacies and rights around why we can't just go through a custom player because the way that there's even just validating against the CDN and giving pass a certain ID to play factor, all that's in play too. We are having some issues with not getting any ad revenue that we would want. And we think some parameters not being passed or something. Ever since we switched to server-side ad insertion, we started having issues in the new player. We just don't, no one's gonna talk about why. So all TV things we might need to know looking into. I'll show you the player real quick. So, we need this for the last. So typically you would have what we call a pre-roll. It would have an ad that starts before, but maybe this just, it's probably just because I'm internal. But yeah, it just plays the video and then it gets through and then typically when it's done, rolls into a playlist of Edger's Choice, where they can keep our internal, we can curate what those on there Yeah I just wanna show you that real quick There a lot of events that are coming out as a part of this so we need an extra container to work Yeah so I just want to mention the digital aspect of it too So beyond that I do want to note so another system that is also tied to NewsSource is, you're going to hear Resource and ACC. So there's Resource and then there's ACC which stands for Affiliate Content Center. So a lot of times they were used interchangeably but but they never were meant to be. So they're really two different applications. They share the same database, I believe. Because they are, I mean, the data is meant to be, also the data is meant to be between both sides, depending on what you're seeing with each of these applications. But the reason I'm mentioning this one right after the resource is because all those contracts, those deal points around who gets access to what content, that is out of this resource application over here. So I'm just gonna do a search right here. So basically, this was originally utilized the contracts group with the news source. They would actually work out the agreements with the parent company of the group that they're working with, and then they would have, you know, they're called program orders, but they have these individual contracts, essentially, with each individual station. I just want to show you all real quick. This application is actually utilized not just by contracts, but also the news gathering people. Because really, this turns into not just the contracts database, but I don't know what you would call it, but basically, it's like a big Rolodex of information for each one of these stations, whether they're a member of this or not. So there's a lot of people who may have never been a new source member or they were a member and they won't remember. All that data in terms of different stations and different markets and also like contact information, like live contact information for who might be working on an editor at this station. We're actually getting that information from a third party called BIA. So we have like a nightly feed that updates and adds to certain people or updates things. but the point of resources it's different usages you have the contracts group that's actually executing contract deals and reporting it so it's there somewhere you also have just all the you know a lot of information around the individual member themselves and the parent company that they belong to so I just did a search for show me all the different members meeting stations I'm just gonna click into one of these so you can see like I said this is a little system but just basic information really here's their address here's things that they have access to or whatnot. The reason this system is, it was always important before, but a great idea that this team had when they developed the NewsSource Portal, the NewsSource Portal was actually getting information for the login and also what content they should have access to from this system. So what's happening, it made sense. I don't know who did it, but someone on this team made a guess and just like, why repeat that information? In the old system, NewsSource Portal, you actually had to create the profile in the NewsSource system. and then you had to duplicate that or things that were out of sync. They had a great idea of keep everything in sync. If you already have one system that has this information, that should be the source of truth. Now it's not perfect by any means. There's some information for what someone should have access to at the actual contracts level, and I'll show you. So this is like a contracts, again I don't want to go into any details, but idea of the licensing around what they can and cannot see, like here are the services have access to, their payment information. All the stuff that, things that, you know, we allotted the reporting here, but I don't understand contract related things. But some things are at the contract and program level. Some things are just listed at the, or this is, but then we had to create special portlets is what we're using, so portlets meaning these individual blocks. Lots of them are just information, but some of these actually drive functionality. So that's why we have one called Portal Information Portlets. that actually drives some of the behaviors that you can and cannot see or have access to within the use source pool. So that was a huge move to bring it, to honor the information that's here for what someone should have access to in the use source pool. Again, that's the measure of forcing them to make sure that integrity is there, we're keeping this up to date, but also, again, making sure that you're not out of sync with a different system. Now the other system I mentioned is, excuse me, ACC, which is the Played Content Center. A lot of times people would say resource in ACC. Data gets shared between the two, for sure. So I'm gonna pop into ACC, shared database, but separate applications, application databases now. It was split out some time back. But this application was actually utilized. Remember I mentioned there's a lot of different operational groups by Newsource. One of them is this group, the ACC desk. These are the folks that are actually making the phone calls to stations, they're getting phone calls from stations as well. So they really are really the, when it comes to things that are not live service, when it comes to actual getting content, or being informed of getting content, or even having requests for certain kinds of content, a lot of times this group over here, they're actually fielding that. So the way this is laid out, a lot of times like the ACC desk, the people that work there, they'll go in, their shift will be assigned to region, and they'll be responsible for essentially, okay, they're going to get calls from this region. They're going to manage this desk, meaning like the southeast desk, the northeast desk. So stations from all over these regions, they could be calling a specific one number that someone has to manage, getting that call. The reason this application is, excuse me, was necessary, and I know a lot of this doesn't make sense just looking at it, but the time and resource right off the bat is that a lot of this information, it's not repeated in two systems. it is shared amongst resource and ACC. So like address information, owner, a lot of this stuff is because it was input into resource in the first place. I think there are very few things that might actually be editable. I think most of this is display only. I don't think anything is editable in here. It's all being put from the database that eventually was put in from resource, which may be put in from that vendor. But this is important information that allows the ACC desk person to actually know. Okay, here are capabilities that they do have and they do not have in terms of live transmission, stuff like that. Here's also who I can call, finding information on something. But the reason this group is so important is because, okay, let's just say we have an agreement with someone out in LA, a station, with, hey, a huge fire agent broke out, CNN, are you guys interested? We can get a chopper out there. They will typically contact the person that needs to do it because they are contractually obligated to do that. It's like there are deal points that say, They have to give us the thing first, right? Or vice versa, we have to make sure we do that in favor and give them, we don't want to give anybody exclusive content, we'll give them content, make sure they're aware. So there's the information from being able to contact these people or who are being contacted by, but there's also, how do you manage it? We're not recording phone calls, at least not yet. And not everything is video phone calls from these stations. They could be coming in via email. I don't know what other means to have, but email phone calls, whatever it might be. I don't know if they have certain Slack, channel or anything like that, any like, messaging tools, like external people, but probably not. What happens is, how do we record this stuff as best as possible? Unfortunately, it's very manual right now. So someone has to actually, they're not saying here's the exact verb, you have exactly what happened, but these people are responsible for, and that's what's called the log notes. So they're gonna hear log notes. So bottom section is understanding and grouping. Because they actually, the user's 24 seven, someone might be working the first eight hours, but then let's just say there's a story or a request that someone in the next ship's going to take over. How do we make sure they have the information before they do that? So a lot of that's recorded within these long notes. So whether someone is making a request for a story and then you're working on it, it could be recorded here, or whether you're reaching out to them. A lot of that's used. The reason that's important is because we need to understand how effective our relationship with these stations are going to be and what we're getting out of it and what they're also getting out of it. The reason that's important is because when it comes down to renegotiating the contract at any point or for renewal, these are all data points that they could use to say, well, you gave us these things. We work on these things for you. We need you to do these huge favors. It's all very important for renegotiating. So much, it's basically like the actual log of what that reporter actually did. Yeah. And it could even be, it could be the reporter, it could be like, here's what someone in our editorial group, or here's what someone who gets archived videos did for you. They do their best to record all that. It's not just used for that too, so if someone is actually working on, sorry, one second. You guys can't see, but I have the display. And you have a display on the board. There you go. You'll see these little, I've always called these hot dogs, but I don't know what they're really called. But these are just, as we talk about, they record the interactions with the affiliates, but what's happening is, Let's just say an affiliate actually, hey, I have a video coming in. It's gonna be about XYZ. Here's all the details around it. Something I did not mention before, but this is an internally accessible system. So this has to be someone from the ACC desk. It might have some, they basically, the whole process for, okay, we're about to get a video in, could potentially start in here. So what happens is they go in and start recording all the metadata information around a specific video that's coming in for a story. And then they'll, they can associate, say, hey, here's the story information, and then here's also the video information. This could start the process for having an actual, this could be one of the places where it actually starts for having the metadata of the asset started, and then eventually, whichever method they bring in the actual video, whether they have to do it, not to do it, but things like a Dropbox or something like that, they'll eventually tie the video to the metadata in a separate system. So it could start here, or if they want to bypass this, which they should not be doing, but sometimes they do, they would start it in the other news system, which is called iNews, because this sends to iNews anyway. So you're going to hear iNews a lot as well as part of this portfolio. It's something that would be right to. It's meant to be, again, just be like a pass-through of basic text and metadata, or just, again, some of the stuff you saw in CNN search. But that gets utilized, because either it helps alert people that something can work on, or it gets utilized to then tie back to an asset that, you know, that merges the two together, that metadata would be an asset. I know what I'm going to say, this is a big part of this law, which is actually the beginning of an actual, this actually makes me think about the startup stuff, but the beginning of an actual story or content coming in could immediately start here. There's another part of it that's called requests, ACC requests. What's happening is, again, a lot of this sounds like overlapping terminology, but you also have internal shows, so like, you know, the different shows that CNN has, the different shows that some of the other networks have. They, it's not just one big group working together, they all have their own operations that are done, so they might have a request for, they know they need to go through the ACC desk, which is not critical, like the whole resource group is. They would reach out to the ACC desk and say, do you have access to this kind of content or an area of this? And that group would help track it down for them. So those requests get input into a separate form. Again, that's accessible, you still have to be internal, But then it gets to base CCS and then they help find it or get footage of it for a show. So very critical. This is also in the whole system that eventually we do want to rewrite. You know, today we could do that. Yeah, we're going to discuss it. Like the UI is old. And we did, like, again, a lot of this stuff was on-prem and it sounded like a crazy good job. But I'm just kidding, most of this stuff moved back to the cloud. I don't want to butcher it, my lack of knowledge of this stuff. So some of the stuff with Apple Play, some stuff is still in Azure, but most is in AWS. And our goal is to get everything to AWS, just because we're not sure who's managing the Azure accounts. Yeah, a lot to digest there. just know that a lot of the stuff with resource like what's put into there dictates what a user who logs into the resource portal an external user specifically can see and have access to and a lot of that that's also put in a resource helps the news gathering process so whether it's contact information at stations uh what they are and are and are not allowed to have access to what we can and cannot share with them um you know a lot of information gets carried over into the the ACC workspace as well, because they're the ones who manage the interactions with their affiliates and want to record the back and forth stuff that they've had, and help reach stuff in for the company as well. Cool. That's a lot. Do you have any questions around the nose so far? And if not, it's okay. Any one of these will dig into much more detail, like, for each workflow, with all of them. Alrighty. With that then, I want to step into, do CNN Talent real quick. This one is kind of just left alone because after it was rebuilt, so this is a more modern one, after it was rebuilt like this is one of the groups right here. So I'll say NewsSource. NewsSource you can also say Dan is a part of that. NewsSource requires the most attention. It requires the more, you know, that's where we get the most feedback from. That's where we get the most, you know, not necessarily fixes things along, but you know things change, needs to change. Resource in ACC here and there. Talent for sure be ready after we really get any, like it's kind of just done the job it needs to do for that group. So CMTalent is a again internal application. What this is used as, it's just like a Rolodex, just put it in visual form. So this is the inventory of, here are all the different, whether it's a news anchor, whether it's typically it is I believe it's typically focused on presenters right so like anchors, correspondents, people like that. This is a database it is on their talent. This is a roll index of people that either we have agreements with or that we're working with to eventually bring on to sign contracts so that we can eventually use them for on their talent as a reporter respondent, but things like that. Anchor. Like I said, this is very basic. The idea being that specific group that manages this, they know they can contact and utilize. They know when their contract is expiring, when they need to renew, but I'll just look again. It's just some basic, here's what I need to know about this person. And it's very, very basic. You can see this content information, where they live, general information with this, where the agent is. We store resume information. A reel comes down to if they have a little video, short video, doing a quick date, here's a highlight of how they work before. We record any interviews that they've done with the group. Just basic stuff. Nothing crazy here. Like I said, simple, digital Rolodex, depending on the name. But when we did this rebuild, which is pretty new, excuse me, it's a lot faster, a little bit better reporting the role. And then we let them manage some of the meta battles. So things like this, like tags, we want to know, again, what are some key terms we get that we want to very easily search against them, or that we know that they have an expertise in, or something that they fit in the profile. We let them manage that So, nothing crazy, they can add people in here. So this is all manually managed. There's no vendor that's feeding information. This is just a standalone system. Someone spins someone up, and they take care of it. Nothing crazier, but there's a big purpose. As you can see, they can add information for something that's pretty critical as a part of the news gathering, or at least the honors, though. Something that sounds very similar, but currency is not. CNN guestbook is another very important application. This is actually a pretty, pretty good. The way this was built, they did a good enough job for these, the group itself that handles this. So again, custom built, this team does it. This is meant for, you can also say on air, but this is meant for not like people that we have. These are not our correspondents or anchors. This is for actual guests. So, you're watching someone who is an expert in elections, for example. They might come on. Or you have the general, for example. This is where we have their information and can also report the bookings. When I say report, I mean document that they're going to be on there, that they're booked for a certain show at what time. So, yeah, there's other systems that are realized that also do this, that are studied. But this is a good... This is kind of like we're trying to bring it all together in one place that's going to be recorded. so we have historical evidence that this happened in terms of bookings and who was on there and what they covered. So, this one, there's actually, you have to make sure everyone signs a non-disclosure agreement where they get access to this. You have to evolve. Because you're going to be exposed to some very sensitive, important information for someone that could be famous. So you have to have some phone number. Exactly. So yeah, basically, I guess I don't know if I'm allowed to click into it, share all this stuff, but basically, we have the idea, we let them, we let the business group around this actually set up where the networks that are going to be involved with this within each network. They can set up time slots, like typical interview time slots. But the big thing is, you know, let me just search. Yeah, basically the search you're talking about here are the different kinds of guests and whatnot. Let me just do it. Same thing, it looks very similar to Talent because this was actually built first. We wanted to make sure we kept multiple people and have more, you know, so many with different applications and sign and everything. So it looks very similar to Talent. But yeah, same thing, you know, profile information. One big push around now is making sure we have a lot more diversity and trying to track around that. So there's some initiatives going around around demographic information and collecting that information. Yeah, just, I mean, this is empty profile. it's the same thing, right? It's just very basic things around them. But what we'd like to show is, like I said, for historical, if you look on profile, you can see what they've been on before. That was booked within, obviously, our group. That information for only us like CNN You not going to see information from other affiliates if that person was booked Correct, I don't believe so, yeah. These are just going to be an internal shares for this company. You can see the actual booking itself. Some basic information. So they'll store notes. And there's different, I do want to point out there are different accesses with any of these applications. So that's something I should have mentioned a while back. There's a lot of controls in place depending on, whether it's created at your profile, or whether it's you're in a different identity management group, like an Octa group. Depending on who you're logged in now, as we do control, whether you see full admin rights, whether you see partial, whether you see some reports. That happens at both talent level, not both, happens at all the levels, you control what you see. So yeah, the big thing is a lot of profile management for the newer apps have been moved more towards like the identity groups you're a part of in Okta. Folder apps were typically based off of the profile would be created in that system. But you had to go back and retrofit, making sure it still does use Okta for identity, or for actual login, it authenticates against that. So that's a big portion of this, that we can show later, where the item and admin pages where you can actually manage the different Okta groups that they're a part of, or the user groups within each application. So whether they see full admin view versus just an external user or an internal user. The reason I brought that up when we think of that is this page you're seeing right here. So I did not have access. I thought I was never granted a booking access or having access. Typically, we basically just see a basic rundown like this. So this is just a thing that we've been able to show. So you can't click on it again. And it would typically tell you that you don't have access. But you can see basic information that you have before. Let me see. I don't think I'm missing. Stuff will come up, like I said, a lot of you will talk about much more in detail with the individual, with each application. But like I said, so when it comes to the portfolio itself, like we were always meant to be just a custom application development group. That doesn't mean we always build anything from scratch. There's a lot of times where, and this is why we have a lot of different people on the team because we all check each other and the team does a really good job of making sure, does it make sense to build this or do we actually need to look at vendors that do this? But the biggest thing, they trust us, they've always trusted us to make that case and what makes the most sense in those scenarios. So, you know, our group, especially the affiliate services, you know, like I said, a majority of the work is for CNN NewsSource and the different application relates to that. You know, textbook isn't CNN NewsSource, right, so that's separate from them. So you have different sponsors, or business partners that you work with with each one of these realms. So that's important in that too. But as you can see, like, this group has been fortunate to be responsible for some pretty critical applications that are helping with either the news gathering process or exposing the content sharing with the resource group. That's a lot, this is a lot, this is probably a lot larger. We had these small one-off apps that they could, like store processor and one of them that we recently deprecated for, They could figure out, depending on the rates a photojournalist, an acre or whatever. Whatever the different resource types were, they could figure out what it might cost to actually run a store, to get them on-site somewhere, stuff like that. They had spot lots of satellite phones and something tracking. We also had a film off where we just made it, all they needed was the data, and then we'd go on a airplane, where assets like computers or actual satellite phones, what they would take with them, but they don't, you know, whatever destination, they know who was assigned to it, who was assigned to it, that kind of stuff. Yes, the 4.5 got simplified a lot, but there's still a lot. What's left, there's still a lot of work. Especially with the news, it's something that runs 4.7, and they just need a lot of, yeah. And the fact that there are apps that are originally independent, there are cool things that you are going probably apply on one app that you can then shift and list to another one or like making it something responsive or read a mobile version or whatever. Except I don't know if really Newsource is the only one that we're talking about going responsive. I mean some of these other ones are but they're more internal apps and not external apps. Newsource portal is external so that's the reason the need because you You have people that are in the field working on those, or utilizing those apps, and so they have to access that, whether it's on their phone, tablet, however they can, as quickly as they can. I think talent was built, I think when talent was rebuilt, you made that responsive, so that's good too. I think there was an ask for making a guest list more responsive, but maybe it is. It's a long, it hasn't come up as a problem for the situation. But sorry, your question about whether, were you asking like are there like components to this that are utilized in most of the different applications? Is that real or something? Actually no, kind of commenting like, the fact that you have different apps that were created on different time frames. Oh yes, yes, yes, yes. Yeah, some of them we probably got the chance to rebuild. Some of them we've like done like a partial modernization on, but you really need the time to do a full-on thing. Resources at ACC really should be useful. I think there's a lot of work put that we've been surprised when we talk to this. They didn't even know that they did that. I'm torn on resources at ACC. Maybe ACC could utilize, but resources, I mean, it's- It does the job. It does the job, so it's like, exactly, let's not go get them fixed. I think that one is just the solar index is what we're calling this. I know Mike has been wanting to get those, I think they're in Azure now. So, yeah, that's the gist of everything. I'm not saying that's the gist of the work that we're going to do. Obviously, we'll talk further about here's the type of work that we know is definitely coming up from our... So, one thing, just so everyone is aware, the way that we've operated with our priorities is the functional side, we don't go off for months and then try to figure out what to work on. for kids. We typically have a pretty good feed of stuff to do. So what we do is, it's a little weird, but we have a group of three business people. They're mainly from the news source side, but their boss, at least their boss or partner maybe, or program, is the main person that's also responsible. Like they might have guests put under their permy as well, because it's not news source. So what we try to do is we trust them. Like we We will bring up things before from other applications that are needs. They'll also bring us something that falls under the resource category and then we'll prioritize those against each other. But we try to work with this specific decision. It's a very, we do our best to obviously have an idea of if we think it would make more sense. But they might have fished, and then we work it out from there. But it is very, like last time you get requests and we try to figure out solutions pretty quickly. And if it's something as big as like, even like the, we don't necessarily get a lot of pre-approval before we, sometimes it is just start building it, but they don't even know what to do with the phone. Like they just don't really need to do. We'll try to design it without, we still try to check in with them so often to get feedback along the way. But we've been pretty successful with our best guess at what makes sense for a workflow. We just do very basic, at least I used to do back in the day, very basic comps on all of this. And then we broke off of the world. But now Jake has had awesome mock-ups. They've been on the other side. Yeah, just like we have that intake process. So I'll start reviewing those priorities about what we, what I can definitely say of what we planned on working on more, what we've been planning on working on more coming up for the new year. But in between then and now, obviously there's a lot of like, I just want to make sure we separate the onboarding functions with the brand of functions. Brand of the functions could be, again, having a technical overview. Like technical deep-diving at one of these applications, and just getting all that stuff out. Yeah. And also part of that, on our side of our leave, what we'll talk about, Jacob and Mike, Mark has already asked them, like, what's something that this team can start working on to get more familiar at us? And we might want to just, like, I don't know whether Jacob Mike, if we want to talk about the potential Mongo work that we're finishing up and any outstanding work there that this team might be able to help with or the other one that Jacob, I think you mentioned, what was the CSS work or the kind of responsive design prep work? sure i mean the kind of the skinny on the three of those is that we at the end of january we need to be have all of our land is updated to uh use month or six so as part of that we're just going through them and you know changing things that need to be changed some of them haven't been touched in a long time uh currently i think we have five left to go or six left to go but also as a part of a larger initiative we've been working to update the rest of our existing lambdas which we have quite a bit. We have a lot of small functions and small APIs out there to help integrate with all the different systems we touch but AWS continuously drops off support for various versions so we're kind of bumping all of the versions up to node 20 and higher. And as part of that, of course, you run into a lot of packages that don't work in the higher version, so they aren't supported. Or we find, you know, methodologies that are no longer sound. So we've been kind of going through and sweeping up and kind of updating things as we're going. So that's an ongoing project. Thankfully, the node upgrades to 20 don't really have a deadline. We're pretty good. Otherwise, all the emergencies have already been taken care of, but we just need to go through the rest of the catalog. As a part of the responsive side, the portal site kind of has a, because it's a long-running site, it of course has those problems of constantly being tacked onto. So in order to get it to start the responsive work, we need to go back through the site and consolidate kind of older versions of Material UI and clean up some older version methodologies to unify all of them into the current way so that we can update Material UI to its latest version. It's just another one of those. It has to be done in order to update MUI, seeing how we're going to go ahead and redo a bunch of stuff for responsive. It's kind of the smarter way to go about it. So is that the one that we think, like the Mongo updates, I don't know if that's something that makes sense. We probably should just say the course on those, yeah. And then the rest of the less critical Lambda updates, I don't know if that's something that some of us are looking into. I don't know. Yeah, they can be looked into. because at its minimum what needs to be done to them is they need to be bumped up to node 20. So the fallout from that happens the second you try to do that update to node 20 you find out which packages are no longer supported. Gotcha, okay. So that and then the CSS. And then just start kind of diving through it. It's a bit of a spaghetti mess in there. So wrapping your head around how things are currently done and then probably loop back together to go over, you know, what everybody thinks the best course of action is so we're not stepping on each other's toes. So then I guess, and thank you, that's awesome. So we could definitely spin up more high-level tickets for that. Yeah. So obviously, like I said, we'll have to get everyone on to rally as well. So I'll have another meeting again to show this team how things are structured in a rally for us. It's very straightforward. But we'll walk, we'll get back to the next question. And I got more and we have plenty on this. Awesome, thank you, thank you. So I think probably just another overview of the responsive updates is for, just so like the team could see where we're going with the portal. I think that's pretty important. Literally just comes down to there. There's a lot of, I don't know if it doesn't apply, a little story we want to get done too. We can kind of, obviously with the experience and of all the team members, we can figure out who would be best to work on each initiative. That was something I was going to say. So that we're not like, not everyone has to go to every event, obviously. So, yeah. And I have already spoken with the guys to see who is more proficient in putting Mongo to be here. Most of them, they already have knowledge from process. I think we'll, let's just push the Mongo to the side for now. I know we have a deadline, but we've done some team analysis. We feel fairly comfortable that we're going to hit that day. We're already well onto that path. So it doesn't make a lot of sense. I remember the last one that I found. Source control. So this portfolio, we use GitHub, much like the rest of the company, but a lot of Chris's, or I guess the rest of Chris's organization uses GitLab. So there's a, I can't speak too much to the new projects, but the existing portfolio, you would need GitHub access. Okay, cool. Yeah, you'll probably want to also leave Colton in on any review when we get into the finer applications too, just in case myself for Mike missed something. And then obviously we'll want to go over kind of our workflow for how we deploy things. Yeah. And any of the Lambda stuff, we'll probably want to have individual breakout meetings for those, not to add more meetings to the list, but just so we can review what the functionality of the Lambda actually is, because half of our Lambdas touch, like, you know, two or more applications external to our own. Yep. All right. Same with looping in Julia on those, because, you know, at the end of the day, she knows everything, so. Yeah, no, I agree. I think that's a great idea. So I guess timing-wise, what is... I'm sure we're going to get started timing-wise. Because I don't want to go out to step 10 before we solve all of those. I guess, because I'm just trying to think of what we have. Just for me, typically as I walk through a story, what it's going to be. I don't know if we need to just go through that. Then you and I, let's work out who we think is the right resources to go in each initiative. and then we can start setting up the meetings to kind of baby step into it. Does that sound good? Yeah. Keep in mind, too, that the running stuff locally and whatnot probably should include more than you think because even when working with these Lambdas or working with Portal, you tend to have to spin up multiple applications to get them to run locally. So, you know, if you're working with some of the Lambdas, you have to run the admin site as well as the Portal site just to see that the workflow on it worked. So, you know, keep that in mind. Okay. That's for the Lambda initiative. What about the CSS side? Sorry, sorry. I don't know if you talk about, you are going to use Lambda, you are going to use serverless or SAM. And table. Good question. So for the Lambdas, we use the serverless framework pretty much exclusively. However, that framework is going premium model here at the end of the year. So we're kind of at a decision point on what to do with that, but not to divulge out too much, but we pretty much doubled down on cloud formation across all AWS. So a long way to say, right now, serverless, we don't use SAM in anything, but that could change here in the near future. Yes, I prefer SAM because serverless is like paid. Yeah. Okay, so on the CSS side, is the local environment, is it kind of the same steps that will be needed? Yeah, for a lot of the stuff. Really, it's just like how to run locally any of the major applications. It doesn't really matter what you work on. Inevitably, you will probably have to run this stuff locally. you know like running admin tool and running portal you know everyone should probably just know how to do that gotcha okay well thinking from my side if i can have i just want to make sure i'm not in the team like i don't want to like give them so much information while other social media they have the bottom of this stuff i was thinking if i just have i'm probably obviously everybody here would be there a little bit just a singular meeting to just go over here is what to look into the responsive site. Like there's designs that Jacob worked on that we got signed up on. And then I'd also read the list of the 10K level of fraudulent updates. Just like, just so we can just, hey, here's high level what we're trying to do with different initiatives. And I'll include any other one that we've heard from the priority list that could potentially be picked up. But just so they know, high in the sky, what we're moving towards with either one of them. And I won't go into any gritty details until everyone says that they're very important. I just don't want to get so much information that it's just, I don't expect anybody to remember this. I forget. I forget. No, I think it's... I just don't want to make sure we get... I think the main thing that we start with is just...