 So, you know, start to backlog, discovery, design, etc. All the way through, obviously, out to prod. But the way we did the actual, well, I guess these are the actual swim lanes would be by application or general applications. So, like I said, iteration of the time box itself would typically just be a quarter. Like so, like Q1, Q2, Q3. And then we have the different swim lanes for which specific app. And this is really what I was targeting towards, something similar to this in Jira as well. I think this, to me, makes very sense. I know the time frame that we're trying to get this stuff done. And things get moved over. Things get moved over, it's okay. And you've got things that are so... And that's important to see the difference. And that's the thing, this group has a lot of... Affiliate Services has a lot of skill points for them because there are different applications. So it's not broken down by team, right? We're just going to be deceived as Affiliate Services as a singular team. We'll bring that by... Okay, well, so we have to... Because at any point in time, we could be working on two applications or three applications at the same time really try not to we just didn get all the choice So just so you all kind of know what to expect And I do more of an overview of Rally when we get to that point Yeah, for the service team, we're going to have to figure out setting up. That's something for more general. That makes sense. But it'll be very, like you said, very general. Yeah. Cool. Awesome. I think that's a good kickoff. Yep. Thank you, everyone. Yeah, it was really nice to meet everybody. excited to work with everyone. And yeah, I think, like Mark and I have been talking before, once we know what the teams are, then we can really start performing and then have this, it won't be so general, it'll be a little more specific. Yes. Yeah, glad everybody, and all the joy. Yeah, thank you guys for joining in a very short notice. I forgot, I totally forgot you. I didn't even turn that on me. Yeah, no worries, thank you. Thank you. Thank you guys. All right, take care. Thank you, guys.